Grandpa, say something
Don't call me Zhao Huatuo, I don't have you as a sinner
Grandpa, hurry up.
The power of the Cho family in Tokyo
Help me
They're going to kill me!
Can't you see?
In a while he Jackie Chan
In the eyes of Juedai Tianjiao
In the eyes of the devil
It's fake or fake, it's a fart
Elders
It is my Zhao family who is to blame for today's incident
My Zhao family is willing to accept any responsibility
As for this Zhao Jincheng
He is unforgivable
I am willing to hold hands and let the party vent for Mr. Ye
Do you want the chicken to decline?
shut up
Old Master Zhao
I don't think you see the reality
I'm waiting for five people to stand here
You and Zhao Jincheng want to do business
Mr. said in the past
I can't wait for five people to say it.
The Zhao family will be destroyed today
No, no.
My Zhao family is handed down together
Just passed countless people
You see it all
Please let us go the next way
Mr. Ye lives, you Zhao family will pick it up by yourself
The well-connected governor can't move
Even the guards in the southern suburbs can't move
You still want me to be a trash who eats and waits to die
Give you a way to live